README.md, before:

# UNR NVIM

Unr got fed up with nvchad, and decided to do it himself.

It might be all hand written, but it wasn't hand thoughten.



## TODO

- [ ] Reimplement floating terminal (for some reason pressing enter open/closed it)
- [ ] Figure out _what the actual fuck_ is going on with treesitter parsing
- [ ] Swap out autocomplete for nvm-cmp / friendly-snippets (seems most popular)
- [ ] Need autoformatters for vue, make sure prettier and things are running.
  [formatter](https://github.com/mhartington/formatter.nvim) maybe?
- [ ] Setup Whichkey
- [ ] Tinker with noice until I'm satisfied
- [ ] Somehow steal pretty telescope from NVChad
- [ ] Determine a workflow for project jumping, so we can use Neovide or similar
- [ ] [Setup Colorizer](https://github.com/nvchad/nvim-colorizer.lua)
- [ ] [Setup Legendary](https://github.com/mrjones2014/legendary.nvim)
- [ ] Abandon hope, go back to vscode... it's so nice with vue3 anyway.



## Screenshots

I like to feel pretty.


### nvim-tree float, noice ui commandline
<img width="1280" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/317957/200003764-a02bbf15-673d-4bb7-84d3-e6e61b48b10c.png">

### Autocomplete 
<img width="377" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/317957/200003838-78e22922-52a3-449c-8f4e-6217f6405ad8.png">

### Telescope searches, gitsigns
<img width="1283" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/317957/200003914-8e4d6c51-42b1-4aee-82ca-2cd2c5cc9cb8.png">


### LSP Integration, Trouble Diagnostics, barbar support
<img width="1284" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/317957/200004109-b4a38b50-e83d-4a8c-a456-92a13c6161e9.png">


### Updated messaging UI
<img width="1290" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/317957/200004214-ee8db6b1-c9a2-470a-b58f-2758ffad4733.png">
<img width="1281" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/317957/200004520-b18da1ae-6c52-4d9f-bbb2-d6e4f52d2d88.png">

Commit message:

initial lazy starter, completely replaced old nvim

README.md, after:

# UNR NVIM

Daily driver for vue development.



## TODO

- [ ] Delete it all
- [ ] setup lazynvim
- [ ] Determine what is missing
    - [ ] Floating terminals still work?
    - [ ] FZF searching?
- [ ] Setup Volar
- [ ] Prettier/eslint formatting on save/paste
- [ ] Github Copilot integration



## Screenshots (outdated)

~I like to feel pretty.~

Need to recreate these with lazy.nvim


### nvim-tree float, noice ui commandline
<img width="1280" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/317957/200003764-a02bbf15-673d-4bb7-84d3-e6e61b48b10c.png">

### Autocomplete 
<img width="377" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/317957/200003838-78e22922-52a3-449c-8f4e-6217f6405ad8.png">

### Telescope searches, gitsigns
<img width="1283" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/317957/200003914-8e4d6c51-42b1-4aee-82ca-2cd2c5cc9cb8.png">


### LSP Integration, Trouble Diagnostics, barbar support
<img width="1284" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/317957/200004109-b4a38b50-e83d-4a8c-a456-92a13c6161e9.png">


### Updated messaging UI
<img width="1290" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/317957/200004214-ee8db6b1-c9a2-470a-b58f-2758ffad4733.png">
<img width="1281" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/317957/200004520-b18da1ae-6c52-4d9f-bbb2-d6e4f52d2d88.png">
